tracks/ruby/exercises/word-count/mentoring.md, before:

### New Concepts
Hash (it's new here because Robot Name has been removed as a core exercise); constant; `each_with_object`: avoiding a separate  accumulator variable.

### Minimal solution for approval
```ruby
class WordCount
  WORD_REGEX = /\b[\w']+\b/

  def initialize(phrase)
    @phrase = phrase
  end

  def word_count
    words.each_with_object(Hash.new(0)) do | word, count |
      count[word] += 1
    end
  end

  private

  def words
    @phrase.downcase.scan(WORD_REGEX)
  end
end

```

### Reasonable Variants
- `reduce`/`inject` for counting: see [this explanation](https://technology.customink.com/blog/2014/10/14/better-hash-injection-using-each-with-object/) why to prefer each_with_object, especially as an after-approval challenge. 

- An exceptionally nice solution uses `group_by(&:itself)`, and the `transform_values` method introduced in Ruby 2.4

  ```ruby
    def word_count
      words.group_by(&:itself).transform_values(&:count)  
    end
  ```
  Note that `Symbol#to_proc` is a new concept in the track. 
 

### General
- This is the first exercise where students practice with avoiding the Accumulator Pattern (with a counter variable)! It's an important goal of this exercise. 
- Solutions with `each`, `for` or others are not considered approvable (at least not in a first submission and/or without addressing it).
- The RegEx gets complicated in the last test, where it should catch both `"large"` and `'large'` ` => { large: 2 }`. 
As long as they got something that catches a word with or without `'`, it's fine to give away the last step for free.  
http://www.rubular.com/ 

### Talking points
- `inject`/`reduce`: see note under Reasonable Variants.
- Extracting the preparation of the input into a separate (private) method.
- `intermediate steps to strip quotes`: One strategy people use to catch quoted words is an intermediate step like 'strip_quotes'. Suggest to solve it within the RegEx. 
- Constant: Storing the RegEx in a Constant.
- The goal of separating the preparing of the input from the processing itself.
- Do's and don'ts in initializers.  

### Research Notes 
Passing regular expressions:
- `/\b[\w']+\b/`
- `/\b[[:alnum:]']+\b/`
- `/\b[[:word:]']+\b/`

Commit message:

Mention Enumerable#tally in word count solution
Re-opening this PR #1811 from personal account.
With modifications as per previous comments.

Added a mention of Enumerable#tally in the talking points.

tracks/ruby/exercises/word-count/mentoring.md, after:

### New Concepts
Hash (it's new here because Robot Name has been removed as a core exercise); constant; `each_with_object`: avoiding a separate  accumulator variable.

### Minimal solution for approval
```ruby
class WordCount
  WORD_REGEX = /\b[\w']+\b/

  def initialize(phrase)
    @phrase = phrase
  end

  def word_count
    words.each_with_object(Hash.new(0)) do | word, count |
      count[word] += 1
    end
  end

  private

  def words
    @phrase.downcase.scan(WORD_REGEX)
  end
end

```

### Reasonable Variants
- `reduce`/`inject` for counting: see [this explanation](https://technology.customink.com/blog/2014/10/14/better-hash-injection-using-each-with-object/) why to prefer each_with_object, especially as an after-approval challenge. 

- An exceptionally nice solution uses `group_by(&:itself)`, and the `transform_values` method introduced in Ruby 2.4

  ```ruby
    def word_count
      words.group_by(&:itself).transform_values(&:count)  
    end
  ```
  Note that `Symbol#to_proc` is a new concept in the track. 
 

### General
- This is the first exercise where students practice with avoiding the Accumulator Pattern (with a counter variable)! It's an important goal of this exercise. 
- Solutions with `each`, `for` or others are not considered approvable (at least not in a first submission and/or without addressing it).
- The RegEx gets complicated in the last test, where it should catch both `"large"` and `'large'` ` => { large: 2 }`. 
As long as they got something that catches a word with or without `'`, it's fine to give away the last step for free.  
http://www.rubular.com/ 

### Talking points
- `inject`/`reduce`: see note under Reasonable Variants.
- Extracting the preparation of the input into a separate (private) method.
- `intermediate steps to strip quotes`: One strategy people use to catch quoted words is an intermediate step like 'strip_quotes'. Suggest to solve it within the RegEx. 
- Constant: Storing the RegEx in a Constant.
- The goal of separating the preparing of the input from the processing itself.
- Do's and don'ts in initializers.  
- Can the [Enumerable#tally](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.7.2/Enumerable.html#method-i-tally) method introduced in ruby 2.7 do the `word_count` work for us 

### Research Notes 
Passing regular expressions:
- `/\b[\w']+\b/`
- `/\b[[:alnum:]']+\b/`
- `/\b[[:word:]']+\b/`
